Boom! Boom boom! Broken nose!   Boom boom boom! Broken nose! Boom!   TOPTOPTHIS YEAR IN MARTIAL ARTS:     as we all know,the one thing   that thousand-year-old martial  arts do all the time is change.   How can i pose this to  you in a relatable way?   You are all members of the yakuza,   and you happen to be visiting  the lackawanna trolley museum,   and you are attacked by triads.   How can you hold them off  until your clan arrives?   You cannot go wrong with a throat punch.   Okay,so there's no defense  for that? Good to know.   No,there is a defense for that.   Let me demonstrate.  Someone attack me. Kevin,go!   No way. Last time,you  pulled my pants down,   and then you tried to  choke me with my shoelace.   False. I did choke you with  your shoelace. Now come at me!   Okay,with all due  respect to everyone here,   i think the most worthy  opponent of you is you.   That is correct,unless there  happen to be measles present.   So let's just say that dwight has  come at you with the throat punch.   Now,how would you,dwight,  defend against it?   Easy. Allow me to demonstrate.   I am attacking myself  with a throat punch.   Here it comes. Block.   Grasp wrist as such.   And what if he comes at  you with the other hand?   Because he does have two.   Good point. Second throat punch.   Absorb the blow.   Groin punch.   Hit,block,elbow to the gut!   Up to the nose! No,you're not!   Oh,my god,he's making  you look like such a fool.   He really is,but not for long.   God! Instep!   Boh! Not again!   You let go! You let go!   Oh,you're right! I can't hold on!   You two are so evenly matched,i don't know  how one of you's gonna get the upper hand.   The important thing to remember,jim,   we always have what is called  the element of surprise.   Proudly Presents    the office 609   But i would say my favorite art form   is a tie between sculpting  and stand-up comedy.   I did stand-up comedy once.   You did?  Yeah,i killed.   That sounds like it was hilarious.  It was hilarious.   Michael?  Yes?   What is the meaning of this  email that everyone got?   You'll have to be more specific,dwight.   I get like eight emails a day.   This one.  from: david  wallace,to: all dunder mifflin.     whoo-hoo.  Shout-out.    hello,everyone,i'm sure you've  seen  the item in the journal.    just want to stress  it's all conjecture.    if there's any concrete  news,you will know a. S. A. P.     erin,do we have the journal?   Your feelings journal? You told  me to put it in the time capsule.   Did you?  Michael,he means the wall street journal online.   Oh,the wall.   I found the article.    on a day marked by panicked  corporate board meetings,    one that is relatively  unsurprising  is dunder mifflin's.   It is rumored that they  will recommend de--    and the article cuts off.   It's $1. 99 to finish the article.   I wonder what it was gonna say.   Are you serious?   I got it,i got it.   Tuna beat me to it.    it is rumored that they will  recommend declaring bankruptcy ?   No,no. That doesn't make any sense.   Oh,lord,we're all gonna lose our jobs.   Not necessarily. Bankruptcy  could mean a lot of things.   Maybe they're just  restructuring to get out of debt.   Oh,that sounds awful.   Or it could mean the  end of dunder mifflin.   Oh,god! Well,that's  an interesting theory.   You know what? You can all  have jobs at schrute farms   As human scarecrows.   It doesn't pay much  and you can't unionize.   I'm sorry,michael. David's in a meeting.   Ah,well,maybe you should spy on him.   Oh,my god! Wouldn't that be hilarious?   um,i'll just have him call you back.   Okay,okay. Good.   I'll catch you on the  flippity-flip. Bye!   He's busy. Call me back when he's free.   michael,are you okay?  Did you throw up in there?   No,just poopin'. You know how i be.   But it smells like throw-up in here.   Crazy world,lotta smells.   You guys,what if this  is our last day at work?   What if we never see  each other ever again?   I like erin. There,i said it.   I was kinda hoping she would ask me out,   but things have not panned  out on that front,so   It is time for the nard-dog to  take matters into his own paws.   We have to do something,   because people are losin' it out there,   wondering what's gonna happen.   Okay,we need some sort of  distraction for everybody.   Is there anything new in youtube?   Michael-- doesn't  even need to be good.   Oh,god! I can't think.  I need more mullins.   listen,wallace said these  were just rumors,right?   So we have no reason to think that  the company's anything but fine.   So if we just go on with our work,   you and me,they'll follow along.   Monkey see,monkey do.  That's it.   Monkey pee all over you.   That Rhymes.   So what have we on the docket today?   We have a   A monthly staff meeting.   All right! Let's conference room it up!   Here's the deal,guys. There is  no new information as of yet,   so i suggest we all just keep working.   Sure,i'm a little nervous,but doing  our work will make us feel better.   I only slack off when things are good.   Customers have to use the  coupon code from the website.   and as of now,there is no differentiation  between the letter  o  and the zero,   but we are working on that.   Stay tuned for that.   He needs me. Seat-save infinity.   Okay,great.  Oh,god!   What?   Oh,my god.   What?  What is it?   Is there news?   There has been a murder!   What? A  mur-- -what?   There's been a murder In savannah.   Games have the power to distract  people from stressful situations.    battleship  got me  through my parents' divorce.    operation  got me through my  vasectomy,i. E. My operation.   I don't think i would have been able to   endure my break-up with holly  had it not been for  toss across.    belles,bourbon,and bullets,   a murder mystery dinner party game.   it is so much fun.   Everybody plays a character,we  go around the room,   we try to figure out who did it.   Hey,i'm wondering if this  is a,um,terrible idea.   This is my call,jim. Big  picture stuff. It's about murder.   I thought we agreed that we  wouldn't do things like this.   Tube city. You owe me one.   Co-managing is a give and take.   You have to pick your battles.   One of the battles that i picked   was to stop michael from  running plastic tubes   all over the office and  placing hamsters inside of them.   He was gonna call it tube city.   So,yes,i do owe him one.   august 5,1955.   it's a sad day down here in savannah.   Local magnate bill bourbon  was killed last night,   and all y'all have  congregated tonight for a meal   to celebrate bill as he  passes on to his great reward.   But you're not just here  to pay your respects.   You have to figure out which of y'all   is the no-account  scoundrel who killed him.   This is ridiculous.   There will be food. You  leave,you do not get food.   What kind of food?  Sandwich platters.   I'm in.  Baby carrots.   Okay,here are your character cards.   Take one,pass it down.   Here is your prop box.   Some of your characters will have props.   Now,on your character card,   it tells you who you are  and what your alibi is.   Everything else is up  to your imagination.   So if you talk slowly in real  life,your character could,   say,have been kicked  in the head by a horse.   Cool. I'll try it.   Okay. Use your imaginations.   Who did you get?    naughty nellie nutmeg,   a vivacious young socialite  with a penchant for scandal.   ooh! Saucy.  How about you?    nathaniel nutmeg,the  local bartender and   Nellie's brother.   michael,i don't like  this game. It's scary.   It's not scary.   I don't like my character.   Who are you?    voodoo mama juju,the witch  doctor of the savannah swamps.     i'm not comfortable with this.   Well,how do you think i feel?   I mean,i have to play caleb  crawdad,handsome playboy.   Every night,a different woman,   being oogled,having to  hug and kiss and spoon.   Oh! I make them feel beautiful.   Well,well,well!   What is this contraption,i do declare?   It's my blackberry,michael. I'm  trying to get updates on the company.   Who's michael? I'm caleb  crawdad,i do declare.   You don't have to keep  saying, i do declare.     anytime you say something  it means you're declaring.   That is the way southern people talk.   And what designing woman  are you basing that on?   Delta burke,i do declare.   Now,shall we get to the mystery?   I'll go.    my name is deborah  utante,deb for short.   that's clever. Debutante.    bill bourbon was my uncle.    i would have never hurt him any  more than i'd hurt a june bug.   nice accent. You sound  like forrest gump.   I do not.  Well,you do,actually.   You got this kind of like  florida panhandle thing goin',   whereas what you really want  is more of a savannah accent,   which is more like molasses,just  sort of spillin' out of your mouth.   Oh,now do the swedish chef.   Uh,i'm not familiar.  What province is he from?   He lives on sesame street,dumbass.   You know,i think i'm supposed to say  something to pam-- i mean,deb. Okay.   Um  i overheard you askin' the  butler where the pistol was kept.   wait a minute! Wait a minute!   I'm the butler. You were listening  in on that? Oh,you rich people.   You think you can do whatever  you want to the servant class!   No,no,no. Don't turn this  into a political thing.   I will poison your food.   I reckon i got somethin' to say   to miss beatrix bourbon  if'n she don't mind.   Ooh,doggy! We got a party now!   I do believe that the game is a big hit.   People are really divin'  into their characters.   Y'all   i made a mistake.   Sorry i'm late,boss. What's goin' on?   Sir,there has been a  murder,and you are a suspect.   Okay. Hang on just a second.   Let me settle in,and i'll be right back.   Very good! Very good!   Now,no one was there in the wine cellar.   hey,there,young lady.  Hello.   I would be remiss if i did  not ask the pretty young lady   out on a date for this weekend.   Sounds like a plan,sugar.   All right!   A plan it is.   voodoo mama juju,explain your  dalliance with the dark arts.   It's not my fault. I was  exposed to harry potter.   I know you did it!   I know she didn't do it.   It's never the person you most suspect.   It's also never the  person you least suspect,   since anyone with half a brain  would suspect them the most.   Therefore,i know the  killer to be phyllis,   a.K.A.Beatrix bourbon,   the person i most medium suspect.   Do you want to go out on a date with me?   We can make out by the horses.   Well,you know old nellie is  always up for a romp in the hay.   How 'bout a threesome?   Yeah. My boudoir's always open.   Nice.   I'm a little worried i might have  asked out naughty nellie and not erin.   Which would be a whole  lot less appealing,   because naughty nellie  says yes to everyone,   and she might be a murderer.   Follow before   i just got an email from corporate,   specifically for accounting to  stop all payments to our vendors.   What does that mean?   Well,maybe nothing,but  it could be a prob--   What's this strange yankee accent  comin' out of your mouth,son?   This here is savannah.   Phyllis,uh   Uh This   Uh,plan--planta--  this plantation,   we're runnin' low on,uh,greenbacks,   and we're havin'  problems payin' the people   who give us the seeds and the dirt.   We can't pay 'em.   Michael,i  can't-- basically,   it could mean a lot of things,   but it is unprecedented,   so it's cause for concern.   Okay,i'm going back to work.   No. No,no. No. No.   No,no,i'm gonna skip forward to  a really big clue. Here we go.   Narrator on cd: well,by now,you figured   out that old beatrix  bourbon was the killer.   What?   Michael,i was doing so well.   Are you goin' to believe that?   That is a mis--  that's a misdirection.   We still don't know who the murderer is.   Nellie nutmeg,come back in heyah!   I can't do this mahself.   Voodoo mama juju!   What am i gonna do?   Okay,so corporate is  still in their meeting.   That could be a good sign.   Hey,everyone,kevin's gonna give  us his take on the situation.   Let's listen up.   All right,guys,it's a workday,   and you guys work here,so  let's go do some work.   Now,jim telling us all to work,   i think that is a very good sign.   Don't just say things.   oh,good,michael.   Listen,i wrote up  those sales targets--   i do believe you have me mistaken.   My name is caleb crawdad.   Y'all skedaddled way too soon.   We need to re-open this case.   No,you're not re-opening  the case. The case is closed.   No,it ain't.   Frankly,i'm not surprised.   A lot of the evidence  seemed to be based on puns.   i was just thinking  about weekend at bernie's.   So funny. The guy's dead the whole time.   I haven't seen it.   Speaking of weekends,you excited  about our date this weekend?   Of course,nathaniel.   Okay.   Where are you takin' me?   Well   The finest steakhouse in all savannah.   Savannah?   That's a far way from scranton.   Did you mean a real date?   No.   Did you?  Totally not.   I thought it was for real   So i was excited,but it was  just-- it was part of the game.   You're sure it was water?   It couldn't have been acid?   I already declared you  it was too dark to tell!   Stop playing games with me,crawdad!   This is not a game! This is my life!   You are out of order,sir!  Answer me!   You are out of order!  You are out of order!   You are out-- i think  michael may have snapped.   Or maybe he's just stuck in character.   Well,which is worse? Snapped or stuck?   Both. They're both worse.   It's gonna be all right.  We're a good company.   We'll figure this out.   We're not going under.   Jim,what if we both lose our jobs?   I'm trying to think of a way that this   all ends up fine,and  i can't think of one.   Deb,what in the world?  Do you have the vapors?   Michael! Not now.   Can't wait. We have to get you  to our witch doctor right now.   Come on. come on!   I should just go.   Where to now,caleb?   To mama juju boo-boo.   Michael,can  i--   okay,i'm just gonna skip right  past the what and go with why?   Because this is the  re-creation of a crime scene.   I'm the dead body,and  these are my brain chunks.   Hey,shut up. You're dead.   Michael,can i talk  to you in your office?   No michael here.  Caleb!   Today,of all days--  no! You shut up!   They need this game,jim.   Let us have this stupid  little game,all right?   You startled me!   My stars,my heart nearly  leapt out of my chest.   What can i do you for?   Wallace is on the phone.  He's returning your call.   Detective wallace?  I don't think so.   I think it's david wallace  from dunder mifflin.   Aw,shucks. Tell him i'm not heyah.   You're not gonna answer the phone?   No,i only answer to detective wallace,   'cause i got a warm  body in the other room.   I'll take it.   Hey,david.  Hey.   Sorry to be gettin'  back to you guys so late.   Things are still a bit unclear.   We didn't officially  decide anything yet.   Oh,okay.   But if i can be candid  with you here,jim   It's not good. We fully  expect to be out of money   by the end of the  year-- insolvent.   So Well,you know what?   I'm sorry. I have to run.   But we will talk soon,okay?  Sure. Okay.   Oh,you know,while i have you,   today i was working on this pitch for a supermarket chain  great.   And it would actually be a big account.   Okay,look,you know what?   I can't really get my  head around anything   like that right now,but that's great.   Keep after it,but i gotta run.   Okay.  Thanks,jim. See ya.   What's the news?   Nothing yet.   Well,i guess that's not   well,there is some bad news.   There has been another murder.   A murder,you say?   I do declare.   Conference room,everyone.   Do we have to play?   No.  Super.   Oh,this could be a juicy one.   Get in there! Get in there!   I think today was a good  day to have two managers,   because if you're a  family stuck on a lifeboat   in the middle of the ocean,   one parent might want  to just keep rowing.   But if the other parent  wants to play a game,   it's not because they're crazy.   It's because they're  doing it for the kids.   And i get that now.   There has been a lot of  murder and a lot of intrigue.   My little heart can  barely take it no more.   Today is the hardest i have  worked in a long,long time.   I didn't do it!  Okay.   ever'body just calm down.  I am calm.   Count of three,we're all  gonna put down our guns.   I have crossbows.   We'll put down our weaponry on the count of three.  Okay.   You ready?  I'm ready.   One Two two.   Three. Three.   andy revealed himself  to be a double agent,   at which point,dwight  felt comfortable revealing   that he also was a double agent,   and then,michael announced  to everybody that,   get this,he was a double agent.   Oh,and it is 6:00.   really?   It wasn't me!   I'm not goin' down for this!   Hey,i want to go home.   Get the keys out of  my purse,start the car.   Proudly Presents    the office 609
