Michael Scott, as seen on TV. I saw you on the news, And I want to pinch your tiny wiener. It's packer! Oh! Pack-man, I thought you were a girl. Apparently, there are allegations That sabre printer can cause a fire So they asked me to give a statement to the press. I'm like,  what? All right.  So I do it. It's on TV last night. And it's in the paper today, and it's online. And then I call froggy 98. And I talk to the host about it on the air. It's like, come on, people, enough. Everybody, we are at defcon 5. I am officially the second most watched clip of the day On the wbre news site. What's number one? Oh, that teacher who was wrongfully accused Of being a pedophile. Now, we cannot let the pedophile win again. I would like you all to go to the website And watch my clip 11 times. So instead of working, you want-- Yes. Yes. Okay. Come on. Get it up. That's what-- Let's do it. Did you see this report that the zoo got a baby otter? It's on the same site. Aw, it's kissing its mommy. Michael, you have to see this. It's like the cutest thing ever. Really? A baby otter? Okay, um, count me in as  who cares?  It's not even that interesting, a baby otter. It can't even stand up. It's trying to stand up. There it goes. The Office 6x25  Whistleblower  Aired on may 20, 2010 Howdy. I hope I'm not interrupting anything. Jo, we were not expecting you. Y'all, no doubt, know why I'm here. No. Turns out our printers are famous. They're all over the news. It's an interesting story. Cheap, foreign printers attacking innocent Americans. Well, actually, the--the real story Isn't quite as racy. But, uh Let's give it a go. Jo, I think that I know what happened. I'm not sure you do, Teddy bear. Well, now I think I might not. Not long ago, we discovered a defect In one of our printers. So we got a software patch and fixed it right up, Just like that. I don't know how it works. Just as we were about to send out a letter To our affected customers, Giving 'em free toner, And we keep 'em happy, But somebody here, they liked that first story better-- The one where we lose half our clients For no damn good reason! Whoever it was who talked to the press, Just come forward, please. Jo, I can assure you it was no one in this office. Can you, now? Absolutely. Anyone who talked to the press, please raise your hand. Put your hand up, Norma Rae. If you say anything, so help me God, I'll break off the temples of your glasses And stick 'em in your eye sockets. So unfair. Even if I thought that our printers Killed baby seals, I would not be a whistle-blower. The bernards, for generations, Have silenced whistle-blowers. That's how we made all our money. Woody Guthrie wrote a song about us. ? old Mr. Bernard ? ? old Mr. Bernard ? ? who have you silenced today? ? This is a little form, says,  I did not do it.  There is no reason for anyone here to sign this, Because I know everything there is to know about these people. I know when their birthdays are. I know what their favorite kind of cake is. I know what color streamers they like. All that's just birthday information, Michael. Yes, yes. But it shows a bigger picture. Why don't you come with me? We'll start out with the honcho. What you say? Okay. When mama was working as a prison guard And something went missing, she'd ask one question-- What do we do when we find the guilty party? And if they said,  come down on 'em With that swift hammer of justice  Innocent. A clear conscience don't need no mercy. But if they said,  officer Bessie, well, They may have had a reason, blah, blah, blah, blah  Well, nine times out of ten, that's the anus they checked. So say we catch this whistle-blower, What do you think I should do with 'em? We should give 'em a one-way ticket To Montego Bay Where they keep all the Al-Qaeda. Uh, that's, uh, Guantanamo Bay. Yes. You put 'em in jail for a long time. You put 'em in jail for as long as you can. Well, I guess we're all right, Michael. I want these people to really pay. I want 'em to suffer. Mm-hmm. I'd prefer it if they died, 'cause it's not right. Yeah. Okay. Hey, Dwight. Hey, I.T. Guy. You mind if I get in there for a second? Oh, sure thing. Go ahead. Wha--unh! Dwight, what the hell? Apache persuasion hold- that's the hell. What are you doing to my computer? The lawyers are searching our hard drives For information on the leak. Thanks a lot, Big Brother. You're with Big Brother? Okay, go ahead. I got nothing to hide. Wait, are they searching all our computers? Yeah. I already got to yours, Kev. No, that's cool. Some-- sometimes I run. I'm a runner. Everybody knows it was Andy. And it is not fair for us all to take the fall For his big, stupid mouth. That's ridiculous, Angela. And like I'm gonna believe one of his  spermed  lovers. Look, he's been complaining about this for a while. It's not crazy. Ugh. Okay, Dwight. Hold that thought. I don't want to waste your time, and I wouldn't dare waste mine. I didn't do it. Now, I don't know exactly who did it, But I have a list right here. You should fire the following people. Well, I'm inclined to believe you. Why would I disparage a company That has made me rich beyond my wildest dreams? Yeah, I noticed you've has a great year. Good boy. You turning that money into more money? are you referring to alchemy? I don't like to tell a man what to do with his money, But if you ain't investing in property, Then you're dumber than a dummy. I'm not dumb. I'm smart. Well, buy property. That's my advice. Is there something that you would like to say to me Uh About talking to the press? I didn't do that! Okay? Mm-hmm. I-I Didn't do it. I don't believe you. I swear on the graves of my parents, Who aren't even dead yet. That's a little much. All right. All right. All right. I don't care. That's how much I swear. Okay, I believe you. I believe you. How come no one's giving Darryl any crap? He was more bothered about it than me. Did you tell anyone outside of this office That the printers were catching on fire? Yeah, I did. I-I was talking to this girl at a bar. Oh, no, no, no I think she could sense my sadness. I didn't find out till later she-- She was a copy editor at the trib. Oh, my God. Was she cute? No. Oh, God, Darryl! I basically swore up and down That none of my employees did it. And then I find out that one of my best ones did. And now he's probably gonna get fired for it. And if that is not poetic justice, I don't know what is. Sounds like you were as blindsided by this as I was. I was. We didn't find anything on your computer. Good. Except this. Oh, this is, uh, just a mystery novel That I've been working on. I know what it is. I skimmed the first chapter. I'm just curious-- Why would a man who hates people Want to have a relationship with a maid? Oh, uh, I don't know. They way I look at it, there's only one of two reasons. He knows a secret about her that she doesn't know herself, Or he wants to use her services To mop up after a murder. Oh, yes. Write your own damn novel. It was me. What was you? You were the leak? Okay, I'm talking to this woman at day care Uh-huh. She's telling me all about her amazing trip to Vietnam. I have nothing. I tell her our printers catch on fire spontaneously. Why'd you do that? Her husband's a reporter. Yeah. So now everyone hates Andy, And it's this whole mess, and I don't know what to do. Okay, just relax. Just need to relax. I could tell Jo, or I could tell Michael. This is a very good idea. This is good--let's get all the bad ideas out now. Flush 'em out. You leaked it? I don't know what to do. Do I go tell Jo or I don't want everyone to keep blaming the wrong person. I don't know what the best plan is, Pam. Oh, God. My mind is going a mile an hour. That fast? Ohh Two whistle-blowers! Two. I always thought Darryl and Pam might get me fired For something I said. Yeah? I weirdly know exactly what you're saying to me. So I'll see you in Meredith's van in five minutes. Yeah, you didn't need to actually say-- I have never seen so many parking tickets. All right, this is just messed up. No, you know what's messed up? This situation all up in hee-yah Is what's messed up. We need to brainstorm. We need to get out of this. Brain hurricane-- come on, think. What do we got? Um Hey, guys. Sorry I'm late. We're not going for yogurt. It's okay. She's cool. She also whistle-blew. Guys, I couldn't help it. It is so boring where we work. I mean, it's as interesting as a morgue. It might be less interesting than a morgue. Hey, hey! It's as interesting as a morgue. Of course I'm the leak. I think I tweeted it. I can't control what I say to people. I spend the whole day talking. I mean, I video chat, I skype, I text, I tweet, I phone, I woof.  woof  is a site that I'm launching To be the last word in social networking. For just $12.99 a month, Woof links up all your communication portals So you are always within reach. It's part of the dog pack, as I call it. But look, why tell you When I can show you? I just sent myself a woof. Ryan, you have a woof on line one. Thank you, Erin. Woof! Okay, here's what we do. I say we just smash all the computers. We destroy the evidence- no evidence, no case. Wouldn't we get fired for smashing all the computers? No--okay, not all the computers, Just our computers. That idea sucks. I don't think that's a good idea. Just don't say no! Mike, you know you don't have to turn us all in. All you need is one scapegoat. Uh, if you turn me in, I'm turning in Darryl. That's just what we need, another black man in prison. You know, let's just- nobody's going to prison. Okay? Um All right, Michael, You need to convince Jo to go easy on us, And then we'll all confess once we know our jobs are safe. Okay. You can count on me. Let me give you a hand. Ready? oh, shoot. You got it? Got it? No, no. Dwight schrute. The property you're looking at is in great shape. By the way, it has a very spacious basement office. Basement office? You mean like a lair? hey, Jo. Michael. I was thinking about our little leak problem. I was up all lunch Thinking about what we should do to this individual. You know that I think we should do? We make 'em come to work, and we work 'em. And we make 'em sit next to all the people they screwed over. And--and we pay 'em, But we make 'em feel like They did something really wrong. The one question I have is, Do we give 'em a Christmas bonus? I say Yes. It's Christmas. But right after, they're back in the thick of it. Michael Scott What do you know? What? it doesn't matter what I know. If it doesn't matter, then tell me. Why? Because I want to deal with it The way I deal with it. Well, deal with this. Empathize with me for a moment. I came up here with a big problem, And now I got a branch manager Who's giving me the silent treatment. Speak to me. Speak. Come with me. What? Are you leaving? Should I continue with the investigation? Are you gonna kill me? I just need you to come by later And sign a few forms. Okay. What time works for you? Mr. Schrute, what time works? Cancel it. I want you to make an offer at 1725 slough Avenue. Make 'em an offer they can't refuse. No, on second thought, lowball 'em. Don't call me till you have it. But-- Are we going someplace far away? I know you said no questions, but I have an early dinner that I need to get to With the chief of police. I'm very relieved to learn it wasn't you. All right, uh Stan, you're up. It wasn't me. What a rich timbre your voice has. Okay, I am prepared to conclude the investigation. And? You did it. What? Based on what? Uh, just all the evidence. And it really seems like it was you. Can we all agree to say that it was Andy for now And sit with it, see how it feels? All right. Sounds good. Okay. Guys, I think that seems a little unfair. I mean, I feel like we don't definitely know it was Andy. Yeah, you know? I mean, for all we know, it could have been Jim. Really? Michael I have rights. Let's just talk. I'm not gonna tell you anything. Honey, you don't seem like your normal self. Well, I'm going through a little bit of a rough patch. Mama Jo knew there was something up. The whole year, actually. My favorite restaurant closed down. Oh, I hate that. And my new favorite restaurant sucks. I bought a video camera last year, And I was looking at the tapes, And there were only, like, 12 minutes That I felt was worth taping the whole year. And most of that was just birds in my condo complex. What is that? And I miss Holly. Who's Holly? Holly flax, from the Nashua branch Best h.R. Rep That Dunder Mifflin has ever seen. It's not been a blockbuster year for me financially. My blockbuster stock is down. I think that the real question is, Who is the whistle-blower? Oh, Jesus. I may have heard from an old client, And I may have immediately started spreading the news To other clients and potential clients, yeah. But I'm not here to talk about that. I am here to talk about   suck it.  Suck it-- Gabe, I told you all about the printers. I mean, it could be you, Gabe. That man has a point. Yes, it's totally obvious. I think we all can agree that it's either Gabe or Angela. It's Angela. Get her, boys. Hey, guys, uh, sorry to interrupt. I just wanted to say good-bye to everyone. Through  teach for America,  I'm gonna go down to Detroit and teach, uh, Inner-city kids about computers. Uh, not now. Oh, yeah, it's just my friends are out in the car waiting, So I thought I would Phyllis, what's this guy's name again? I don't know. Is it  shadow  or  Garth ? It's something weird. I-- My name is Nick! Okay, well,  nick,   we're in a meeting. Okay, look, I get it, people. I'm the lame I.T. Guy, and everybody hates me. Hey, listen, man, you can't take it personally. You called me  man ? I just said my name just now. Did you forget it already? No Sport. you guys have 15 parties a week. You can't learn my name? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, I.T. Guy, here's the story, champ. None of us have spent a lot of time getting to know you, okay? We liked the last guy, sadiq, because he kept to himself. And we also thought he might have been a terrorist. You know what? I'm gonna leave you with one other thought. Inner-city kids use computers For two things-- games and porn. So good luck wasting your life Lurch. Thank you so much for that. I saw all your hard drives, And guess what- you're not a photographer. And you definitely can't fit into a size two. Darryl, man, you're on Facebook. Why you been telling people you're not on Facebook? People want to be your friend, man! All right, and, you, this guy-- You're the one who told the press. You wrote an email to the editor. I saw it, and I also saw a quicktime movie Of your little printer fire test on your hard drive. This guy's the snitch. He's the snitch. So that's it. Check it out. We're gonna believe that guy? When I was growing up, there was nothing better Than being a big ol' business tycoon. Mm. And I thought I'd break that glass ceiling. I'd be a hero to all those little girls out there And they'd make a Barbie out of me. Hmm. I hate that I sell cheap printers. I do. But if I have to go out there in front of the press And make one of them public-apology recalls, I mean That's all I'll ever be remembered for. Nobody will want to play with my Barbie. You know, I would be willing, under the right circumstances, To do that for you. Oh, honey, surely you don't want that. I-I surely do. And don't call me honey. Airplane ii. I'm about to buy this building, you know. You don't say. I own a 1/8 share on a rental property Down in Pittston. Well, I'm 1/8 proud of you. Enjoy that chair for now Because pretty soon you will be on your feet, Like Buckingham Palace. Hey, Phyllis, have you seen my bag? Mm. You deserve it. Look, I didn't want houses and schools to burn down And children to die. Does that make me a hero? No, it does not! Well, it doesn't make me the worst guy in the world either. It does! Andy? Hey. I wanted to say that I think it was very brave of you To go to the press. Uh Thanks. Yeah, you know It just seemed like the right thing to do. Yeah.  we at sabre have betrayed the trust  that we have built with our customers.  we regret our slow response  and our lapse in candor and judgment.  at this time, we are issuing a full recall  of all sabre gh400 printers.  we will not rest until this problem is solved. There will be no questions.  Are there any questions?
