Good morning, Dwight. Who are you? Who am I? I'm Jim. We've been working together for 12 years. Weird joke, Dwight. You're not Jim. Jim's not Asian. You seriously never noticed? Hey, hats off to you for not seeing race. All right then, Jim. Uh, why don't you tell me about that sale that you made yesterday? Uh, Wellington Systems? Sold them ten cases of 24-pound letter stock. Or were you talking about Krieger-Murphy? Because I didn't close that one yet, but I'm hoping I've got a voicemail from Paul Krieger waiting for me. Please enter your password. You have one new message. How did you know? No! No, no. That is sensitive information. Only for employees, not outsiders! Dwight, cut it out. I'm trying to work. You don't work here! You're not Jim! Jim, I got us that dinner reservation. Grico's, 7:30. Oh, great. Can't wait. Jim's at the dentist this morning, and Steve is an actor friend of ours. I don't know who you are, but you are not Jim. This is Jim! Oh, my-- oh, d-- oh, how did--  Hey, study buddies! Oh-- okay. Getting Things Done. Awesome! It's all about finding ways to make yourself more efficient. Life hacking, baby. This morning, I brushed my teeth in the shower. Saved myself 90 seconds. Which I just used to explain this to you. Damn it. Since Andy promoted me to Assistant Regional Manager, I've been trying to step my game up. You know, be more productive. In fact, you know what? Let's knock out a few more of these sound bites while we're here. Whoa. That person has really gotten him-- or herself-- into quite a predicament. S'il vous plait Dites-moi Ah, French. It's a great language. If you're a chain-smoking acrobat. I'm just trying to fit in better with Andy's family. They all speak more than one language. Usually when I'm there. You want to learn a really impressive second language? Try Dothraki. Win over any man in my guild. Dothraki is the native tongue of the nomadic, war-mongering horse lords of Essos, as featured in the superb Home Box Office series Game of Thrones. It has a lot of nudity. Which I fast-forward through to get to the chopped-off heads. I could teach you if you want, it's a lot easier than French. Yeah. Let's do it. Athdavrazar! Oh-- It means  excellent.  And we have begun. Is everything okay? Hmm? Oh-- oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, fine. Fine, fine, fine. I mean, I d-- I just don't want to burden you with my massive stress freak-outs. Great. It's just that I am taking my driver's license test in two days, and I need to practice with an experienced driver in the car. But I've had no time to do that, thanks to  Demandy.  I just want to hit the open road and drive, man. But in whose car? Nellie! Get your wrinkly old balls in here. Nellie, I could practice with you in my car at lunchtime. Oh, Pam, thank you. You are my savior. Oh, my God-- Ohh-- I'm sorry I'm leaving you alone for lunch. Don't worry about it. I have a thing. A thing of soup. Which I've been wanting to try. This is my research into how we might produce child-proof paper that doesn't give you paper cuts. We can't. And here is a printout of your genealogy from thisisyourfamilytree.com. Executive-summary me. Hit the highlights. Well, it turns out you are a distant blood relative of Michelle Obama. As in-- Wife of Barack, loves gardening, wants to wipe out fat children. Wow. This is super-flattering. She's the most popular person in America. This is a big day for both of us. My fellow Americans, I have a feeling my approval rating is about to go through the roof. Turns out, I am related to Michelle Obama. I was intimidated by Andy's family before. And now I have to see the First Lady at holidays? She's gonna be like,  what's your stance on politics?  Or,  what is the best war to do?  And I will just be like,  duh--  All right! We gotta get rid of all this junk food. Get fit, America! Not sure if the buzz has reached the annex yet, but, uh, I'm related to Michelle Obama. Yeah, we noticed early on Andy really appreciates enthusiasm. So we decided the best way to get ahead here is to be his cheerleaders. Ohh! It's starting to have this reverse effect, though, where I really do think the stuff he does is awesome. Yeah, me too. It's weird. Hard to remember what's real at this point. Just clap through it, man. You're logging sales at ten different times. If you log 'em all at once, you save a lot of time. It's called batching. This is really good, Darryl. Life hacking, man. There he is! Andy, you gotta check this out. He just-- Right now I need canned tuna, okay? Darryl, guess which talented individual who also has a killer singing voice is related to the First Lady. Tracee Ellis Ross. Daughter of the First Lady of Motown, Diana Ross. It's me! I'm related to Michelle Obama. What? Really? I mean, it's distant, but-- That's cool, man. Right? Darryl said,  cool, man.  He called me a cool man. You know, I really do think it would be worth it to pull over and just take ten minutes to eat. Mm-- the thing is, Pam, I'm gonna be eating while I'm driving, so I might as well get good at it. Brake lights. Brake lights, brake lights, brake lights! Whoo! I'm just saying, what does it imply in this country when a white person shares an ancestor with a black person? You think that Andy's family owned slaves? Well, somebody owned somebody. And I don't think anybody would buy an Andy. I throat-rip. Foth aggendak. You throat-rip. Foth aggendi. He-she-it throat-rips. Foth aggenda. More of a barbaric growl. Foth aggenda. Louder. You're shouting it from the back of a horse. Foth aggenda! Pretty crazy about Andy and Michelle Obama, huh? Yeah. It's almost unbelievable. What? Well, do you know how Andy has been really salting my onions lately? Sure. Well, when he asked me to look up his ancestry online, I remembered that news story about Michelle Obama having white relatives, and I just knew he would eat that up. So he's not related to Michelle Obama? Pam, I barely know how to turn on my computer. Nellie's pretty fearless. And I think she might be maybe even almost sort of fun. Pam! Well, if there's another explanation, I don't really see what it could possibly be. I-- What's going on here? I'm related to the First Lady, okay? Get over it. I still need weekly status reports from most of you. So can we get back to work, please? Get back to work. Andy-- Andy, no! I would be very polite today. Why, is it employees' day or something? I cannot keep track of these BS holidays. Your connection to Michelle Obama has certain negative connotations. Most likely, your family were slave owners. Does anyone else think it's possible that I come from slave owners? Whoa. That person has really gotten him-- or herself-- into quite a predicament. Hey, mom, it's Andy. Give me a call when you get a chance. Got a quick question for you. Uh, no big deal, just about America's national shame. Thanks, bye. Where were we? Uh-- yes, okay. Your productivity thing. Yes, yes, yes. Great. Ooh, spreadsheets. Yum, yum. I included some time-saving ideas. Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh. Look, I'm not gonna lie to you. I'm a teensy bit distracted right now. Look, Andy, even if your ancestors did own slaves, it wouldn't be your fault. This is only weird if you make it weird. Right on, brother. Word dat. Mm-- Ador! Daras. Qazer! Daras. Does anyone here have fermented mare's milk? Hey, Erin. Atchomar chomakaan! Oh-- okay. Sorry. Oh, still, it must be great to have something else going on outside of work. Yeah-- turn signal. It's exciting to be painting again-- those are the wipers. So the-- it's just-- there you go. Yeah. Yeah, things get so busy with the kids-- red light-- that it's nice to have that creative outlet-- red light, red light, red, red-- That is brilliant, Pam. I'd love to see some of your work. Well, since we're stopped at a light uh, here is the mural I did for Angela's baby. That is amazing, Pam. Oh, I love the lion in the tuxedo. Angela insisted that all the animals be fully clothed. Hey, has anyone turned in their status reports up here? Vos. So no? Do you think maybe you could remind people? I'm trying to downplay the whole bossy-boss thing today. Because of your slaves. Not my slaves, my ancestors'. Maybe. Probably not. Well, if it makes you feel any better, the Dothraki word for  slave master,  azzafrok, is a term of respect. I'm learning how to speak Dothraki. Color you impressed? That you're learning a made-up language from HBO's Game of Thrones? I have a lot going on today, but this was a great nerd-out. Dwight, you didn't tell me you were teaching me a fake language. People laughed at Klingon at first, and now you can major in it. Hi, guys. Hey, boss. I am so thirsty, can I have a scoop of water? Yeah. You don't have to ask me-- Ha ha. Okay, great. Very funny. I get it. Just because my ancestors happened to be-- Very funny, Kevin changed my ringtone. Very funny. I liked the original song on my ringtone. Which, you may remember, was Diamonds on the Soles of Her Shoes by Paul Simon, featuring, Ladysmith African-American Mombazo. Good. Very good. Oh-- no. Here, it's, uh, a text from Andy.  New special proj. Need fam. Tree for evbody.  Really dig up dirt. ASAP.  And then in parentheses he wrote out,  as soon as possible.  Mm. Ugh, looks like it's pretendy time again. Write back,  looking for dirt.  Oh, can I help? We could say someone is related to, um, Tonya Harding. Pam, I'm related to Tonya Harding. Oh-- gee, I'm-- No, I'm just practicing my lying. I love it. Brilliant. What should we say about Jim? Um, oh-- uh, say he's related to Richard Nixon. It's an inside joke. He looks really Nixony when he wakes up. My ex behaved like Nixon. All of the lying, none of the sexual charisma. I just made a joke then. I'm sorry. It's just, um-- I actually do have this weird feeling that there's something Jim isn't telling me. Oh, no. Ugh, an affair. It is always an affair. Jim? No. How can you be sure? Because he just loves me too much. You're a cocky little thing, aren't you, Pam? I have done a little genealogy research of my own. Turns out I'm not the only one with a few skeletons in the ol' family closet. For example, Phyllis' great-great-grandmother was responsible for spreading cholera to the United States. Ew. Kevin is related to both John Wayne Gacy and John Wayne Bobbitt. And John Wayne? No. Not that I see here. Wayne Johnson? The Rock? You mean Dwayne, and no. What about Jim Halpert? Uh-oh. Turns out, distant relative of the reviled Richard Nixon. Pam always says I look like Nixon. That's crazy, right? I mean, there's nothing there. Tru-- Oh, no. Dwight's grandfather-- Was a member of the Bund, which is not technically the same thing as the Nazi party. So-- I was gonna say he was a tax evader. Oh. I was joking about that whole Bund thing. Oh-ho, the look on your faces. And Meredith is a blood relative of Lizzie Borden. Cool. Stop it! Stop it, you're frightening me. Andy, did you call this meeting just to talk junk about our families? Yeah, that-- you're being really mean. No, I'm proving a point, okay? We all have ancestors who may have done horrible things in the past. But it's in the past, and it's not our fault. So we don't have to talk about it. The difference is, Andy, that you're the only one here still benefitting from the terrible things your ancestors did. Might have done, and how do you figure? Your family's rich. I have to believe that a big part of the Bernard fortune was earned on the backs of slaves. You know, there's nothing wrong with being successful in America, Oscar. I'm not gonna apologize for my family's wealth. That wealth could one day benefit society, if capital gains are ever taxed at the same rate as earned income. Okay, Kevin did that. I do not wish I was in Dixie. Hey, mom. How are you? Did any Bernards ever own a plantation in the South? She said no. Take that! Follow-up question, did any Bernards ever make money in an unsavory way? I just asked you-- why didn't you used to say that? Okay, stop, stop. Stop talking. Stop talking. That's-- no. I don't want to know that. Okay, you're interrupting a meeting. I have to go. Love you. Bye. Well, turns out the Bernards of yore did not own slaves. Really. We merely transported them. Which, at worst, makes us amoral middlemen. Yo, D-Dog. I need your help. I'm trying to think of things I can say that make it sound like I had a sore difficult childhood than I actually had. You gonna po' mouth. Exactly. Help me po' mouth, Darryl. Actually, Andy, you promised me five minutes to talk about productivity suggestions-- What if I said that my dad beat me, and I just left out the croquet of it all? Or, I could just go all the way and say I grew up in an apartment. Or is that too crazy? That could work. You know, Darryl, this is textbook assistant regional manager stuff here, and I feel like I'm doing all the heavy lifting. I'm coming up with all the ideas here. I'm going for a walk. Okay. Good Good, and-- You doing all right, man? I'm done. I gotta get out of here. Yeah. Not the easiest day to be Assistant Regional Manager. It's not just today, it's every day. Seems like the better title I have, the stupider my job gets. Aw, come on, it can always get better, right? Hmm. Yeah, right. No, I'm serious. There's always something better. Like what? Like, hypothetically, if I said that there was another job that you and I could both have. What kind of job? Something cool, like sports marketing, or-- does that sound like something you'd be into? Hell yeah. Right? That sounds awesome. Okay, but wait. What if I told you that it was in Philly? So you'd have to-- I love Philly. Right? It's not even a thought-- Not even a thought. It's not even that far away, I could still commute-- exactly. Exactly. All right. What? Wait, wait, wait. So what, is this happening? Oh, it's happening. Let's just keep it between you and me for right now, all right? Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure, for sure, for sure. Man. And Pam's into it? We gotta have a talk about it, but I think that she's-- I think she understands Aw, come on, man. what this is. I thought you had something real. What? No, no, no. Come on. This is real. It's not real until your wife is on board. So what did you want to show me? That is quite an ugly wall, isn't it? Yeah. It's really ugly. Needs something, doesn't it? I'm thinking, a mural. You mean me? Yes, you. You are so talented. It's going to be my next special project. Hiring Scranton's most dangerous young muralist to paint the warehouse wall. Oh, my God, I love it! Uh-- I-- Nellie, this is brilliant! Hey! Hey. Can I talk to you for a second? Anything you have to say to her, you can say to me. She never loved you. What? No, I-- I got this. Okay. Okay. This is his fault. It is not your fault. I am gonna find you someone better, and rich. And Filipino. But we'll break that to her later. You know what this is all about? Yeah. You too, huh? Yeah. Go on, spill it. Tell her all the gory details, you snake. Hey. He deserves this. And he said I could get in on it too. Yeah. Oh, Pam, no. Oh, I can't bear to watch this. I don't know what I was so worried about. I have the best wife in the world. I still can't believe he didn't tell me. I was helping Nellie drive-- Do not care. Fonas chek! Dothras chek! I like that guy. We should hook him up with Meredith. Hmm--
